README.md, before:

# Books not returned plugin for Koha

This plugin lists the partons and their books which have not yet been returned.

It is typically run at each half term.

## Download

From the [release
page](https://github.com/bywatersolutions/koha-plugin-patron-last-activity/releases)
you can download the relevant .kpz file

## Installation

This plugin requires the perl library Text::CSV::Slurp. The plugin will
not show as installed until this library has been installed on your
server.

## License

The code implementing this plugin was originally taken from the
[ByWaterSolutions](https://github.com/bywatersolutions)
[koha-plugin-patron-last-activity](https://github.com/bywatersolutions/koha-plugin-patron-last-activity)
plugin on November 1st 2023 (commit 5feba1a on Apr 8, 2022).

It has been altered and re-released for its new purpose under the original
[GNU 3.0 License](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/) see the LICENSE file in
this repository for details.

The code in this repository is now:

---
    Copyright (C) 2023 Stephen Gaito (on behalf of AllSaints CofE School
    Leek Wootton, Warwickshire, UK)

    (orignal) Copyright (C) 2022 ByWaterSolutions

    This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
    it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
    the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
    (at your option) any later version.

    This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
    GNU General Public License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
    along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
---

Commit message:

first working books checked out plugin

README.md, after:

# Books checked out plugin for Koha

This plugin lists the partons and their books which are currently checked
out.

It is typically run at each half term.

## Download

From the [release
page](https://github.com/bywatersolutions/koha-plugin-patron-last-activity/releases)
you can download the relevant .kpz file

## Installation

This plugin requires the perl library Text::CSV::Slurp. The plugin will
not show as installed until this library has been installed on your
server.

## License

The code implementing this plugin was originally taken from the
[ByWaterSolutions](https://github.com/bywatersolutions)
[koha-plugin-patron-last-activity](https://github.com/bywatersolutions/koha-plugin-patron-last-activity)
plugin on November 1st 2023 (commit 5feba1a on Apr 8, 2022).

It has been altered and re-released for its new purpose under the original
[GNU 3.0 License](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/) see the LICENSE file in
this repository for details.

The code in this repository is now:

---
    Copyright (C) 2023 Stephen Gaito (on behalf of AllSaints CofE School
    Leek Wootton, Warwickshire, UK)

    (orignal) Copyright (C) 2022 ByWaterSolutions

    This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
    it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
    the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
    (at your option) any later version.

    This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
    GNU General Public License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
    along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
---
